OSDOCS12625: Highlight UPI support for platform:none and update pre-req docs OCP 4.17 (#84653)
openshift/openshift-docs: windows_containers/wmco_rn/windows-containers-release-notes-10-17-x-prereqs.adoc

= Windows Machine Config Operator prerequisites
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

The following information details the supported platform versions, Windows Server versions, and networking configurations for the Windows Machine Config Operator (WMCO). See the vSphere documentation for any information that is relevant to only that platform.

[id="wmco-prerequisites-supported-install-10.17.0_{context}"]

> == WMCO supported Installation method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== WMCO supported installation method
```
If "Installation" should be capitalized here for some reason, feel free to ignore this suggestion.

The WMCO fully supports installing Windows nodes into installer-provisioned infrastructure (IPI) clusters. This is the preferred {product-title} installation method.

> For user-provisioned infrastructure (UPI) clusters, the WMCO supports installing Windows nodes only into a UPI cluster installed with the `platform: none` field set in the `install-config.yaml` file (bare-metal or provider-agnostic) and only for the xref:../../windows_containers/byoh-windows-instance.adoc#byoh-windows-instance[BYOH (Bring Your Own Host)] use case. UPI is not supported for any other platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For user-provisioned infrastructure (UPI) clusters, the WMCO supports installing Windows nodes only in the following cases:

* In a UPI cluster installed with the `platform: none` field set in the `install-config.yaml` file (bare-metal or provider-agnostic)
* For the xref:../../windows_containers/byoh-windows-instance.adoc#byoh-windows-instance[BYOH (Bring Your Own Host)] use case

UPI is not supported for any other platform.
```
I tried to make the information in the first sentence easier to parse.

Author: This seems to make it an either/or scenario, rather than both conditions are required.

> For the User-Provisioned Infrastructure (UPI) installation method, the WMCO supports installing Windows nodes into {product-title} clusters installed for only bare-metal or provider-agnostic clusters, and only for the xref:../../windows_containers/byoh-windows-instance.adoc#byoh-windows-instance[BYOH (Bring Your Own Host)] use case. UPI is not supported for any other platform.

Reviewer 2: bare-metal can be misleading, customer has to configure platform=none and NOT platform=baremetal

== Supported networking

> Hybrid networking with OVN-Kubernetes is the only supported networking configuration. See the additional resources below for more information on this functionality. The following tables outline the type of networking configuration and Windows Server versions to use based on your platform. You must specify the network configuration when you install the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hybrid networking with OVN-Kubernetes is the only supported networking configuration. The following tables outline the type of networking configuration and Windows Server versions to use based on your platform. You must specify the network configuration when you install the cluster.
```
The second sentence doesn't seem necessary. I'd assume that the tables and notes that follow this paragraph contain related information because they're all in the same section.

Author: It appears that there was an Addition Resources section at some point, likely linking to [Configuring hybrid networking](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.17/networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/configuring-hybrid-networking.html). I replaced the link.
